Update Switcher docs for button platform (#24749)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/switcher_kis.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Buttons

For Switcher Breeze the integration provides the following buttons:

> - For devices which are also controlled in other ways or often goes out of sync with Switcher Breeze there are `Assume on` & `Assume off` buttons which you can use to can tell Switcher Breeze if your device is currently running or not without sending a new command to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For devices that are also controlled in other ways or often go out of sync with Switcher Breeze, there are `Assume on` & `Assume off` buttons which you can use to can tell Switcher Breeze if your device is currently running or not without sending a new command to the device.
```

> - For devices which does not support swing status for the vertical swing, the integration provides separate `Vertical swing on` & `Vertical swing off` buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For devices which do not support swing status for the vertical swing, the integration provides separate `Vertical swing on` & `Vertical swing off` buttons.
```
